This is a project that I made with an Android app development tool and programmed using Java. This is a special calculator that has three purposes: converting distances, converting temperatures, and calculating tips for a bill. The whole project is separated into three tabs that the user can swap between depending on the user’s needs. 
-	DistanceConverterFragment.java: This is the class that contains the logic for converting distances. It can convert between miles and kilometers. The program checks first to see if the Miles input box is empty, and if it is, it checks again to see if the kilometers input box has a value in it. If it has an input, then the value will be converted into miles and set the value into the Miles input box. If the miles box is not empty, then the value will be converted into kilometers and placed into the kilometers input box. 

-	TempConverterFragment.java: This class contains the logic for converting temperatures. It can convert between Fahrenheit and Celsius. The program works like the distance converter by checking if the Celsius box has a value while the Fahrenheit box remains empty and converts the Celsius value into Fahrenheit. If the Fahrenheit input box has a value while the Celsius input box is empty, then it will convert the value into Celsius and display it in the appropriate box. 

-	TipCalculatorFragment.java: This class contains the logic for converting the tip based on the number of people that are splitting the bill, the percentage of the tip that the user wants to pay, and the total of the bill itself. It contains a specialized onClick() method that first gets the values (if any) from the Bill, People, and Tip input boxes. If the tip box is empty, then the value for each person that is paying the bill is calculated and displayed by dividing the bill by the number of people. If the tip box is not empty, then the tip is calculated and added to the value that the number of people must pay. 
